**_Personal Goal: Banish a Shadow of Death._** Researching images from your dreams pointed you to Stormwreck Isle, not far from Neverwinter. A remote cloister there holds a temple to the dragon god Bahamut, who is a patron of heroes and a champion of justice. Someone at the cloister may hold the key to the impending doom your deity wishes you to avert.

**_Personal Goal: Determine Your Destiny._** In the remote cloister of Dragon’s Rest lives an old sage who is supposed to possess great wisdom—or possibly supernatural insight. The cloister holds a temple to the dragon god Bahamut, who is a patron of heroes and a champion of justice. Maybe Elder Runara can help you determine exactly what your heroic destiny is and set you on the right path to fulfill it, so you can become the hero you know you’re meant to be.

**_Personal Goal: Discover Lost Knowledge._** The letter spoke of an arcane observatory built on a nearby island by wizards long gone, and it hinted at powerful magic hidden there. A small cloister known as Dragon’s Rest also resides on the island. The caretaker of the cloister’s temple to the dragon god Bahamut, who is a patron of heroes and a champion of justice, must have information regarding the observatory. This Elder Runara can set you on the path to discovering the knowledge your friend never found.

**_Personal Goal: Find the Lost Fortune._** Whoever that Gilder was who skipped out with the gold, they’ve covered their tracks well. The trail went cold in Neverwinter, but recently you’ve learned of a remote island cloister called Dragon’s Rest. The cloister holds a temple to the dragon god Bahamut, who is a patron of heroes and a champion of justice. There is also a community of hermits who live there now, the perfect place to hide for someone wishing to escape their past. If that treasure’s there, you’ll find it.

**_Personal Goal: Rejuvenating Pilgrimage._** Seeking to reinvigorate your resolve, you learned of a remote cloister, Dragon’s Rest, on a tiny island. The cloister holds a temple to the dragon god Bahamut. You feel drawn to contemplate your place in the world there.